Title: Scav Highlights Through The Years
Date: 2013-08-30
Category: hardware
tags: scav

##Introduction
This is Scav Hunt, and this is my role in it.

##2011: The Lamp

*37. One of those cheap, many-headed colorful dorm floor lamps. [1 point
per head, 30 bonus points if they can move unaided, 10 bonus bonus
points if it is tearing apart a small ship]*

##2011: The Eyes

*40. Affix a pair of appropriately enormous googly eyes to the campus
building of your choice. [8 points]*

##2012: Piano

*146. Play me a drink, Sam, for old times’ sake...on your piano that
dispenses a beverage component with every keystroke. Changing the
melody should change the mixology. Instruments and their compositions
will be judged both on the quality of the cocktails and the musicality
of their recipes. [250 points, 25 extra points if your keyboard can
play a different melody to create a different drink]*

##2012: Map

*264. King’s Landing and The Twins are all right, I guess, but we’d
rather see something a little more neo-Gothic. Produce a map of the U
of C campus that when triggered erects a clockwork version of a campus
building of your choice. [175 points]*

##2013: Liver

*84. Take us on a Fantastic Voyage through your team’s larger-than-life
model of a human organ. Your structure must be able to comfortably
accommodate at least four tourists at a time and present an accurate
and informative account of the organ’s inner workings. We’ll happily
enter the body part of your choice, but remember that our heart belongs
to the Franklin Institute. [150 points]*
